I'm so scared.
Open the door!
- I'm scared. - Don't be scared!
Aji 3, we'll protect you.
Don't open the door! Stay inside!
- Hands up! - Hands in the air!
Take them!
Put your hands behind your back.
(Santa Maria Research, Daeyang Shipbuilding)
Aji 3, are you okay?
Let's go home.
Search the place thoroughly.
- Yes, sir. - Search the stairs too.
Search the stairs, and block the hallway.
- Keep searching. - Yes, sir.
Uncle.
Do you think...
Aji 3 will remember me?
She's a robot, so she'll remember you forever.
I'm happy.
We should get new shoes for you, Aji 3.
I met a lot of people.
I want to read the emotions of many more people.
She must've enjoyed the outside world she's seen for the first time.
Aji 3, keep a backup of today's file.
Backup is complete.
Aji 3, are you happy to be back home?
I need to be charged.
Yes. Let's take some rest.
We should take some rest too.
I've completely burned myself out.
Doctor Hong.
We should still run a test and check if she's fine.
Aji 3.
What's the safest seat on a trip to Busan?
- Seat Ma Dong Seok. - Seat Ma Dong Seok.
Everything's perfect. I feel so accomplished.
What are you thinking about?
It's a secret.
Hey, are you serious?
I'm just happy.
Why?
I'm just happy...
with everything that's going on right now.
I achieved my goal for today,
and...
you're beside me right now.
And...
I can lie down and look at you like this.
Hey, you're heavy.
Well, just bear with it.
By the way,
you're a really good driver.
See? I told you. I told you that you should be honored.
Tell me if you need anything else.
Do whatever you want.
Make what you want to make.
Instead, I want to be the first one to see it.
You're still not safe to go outside by yourself, so I'll...
Stop right there.
- I need to go now. - What?
You can spend time with her.
- Where are you going to go? - I need to go home.
Why can't you stay here?
This is your place.
Can't it be your place as well?
What are you talking about?
I'm hungry. Cook for me.
Cook your own food.
Come on. I have no energy.
Come on. Cook for me.
Make me something.
Go and cook something yourself.
Come on. I want food.
- Okay, okay. Get up. - Okay.
Back when I was young, I went on a field trip.
But there was no one to make gimbap for me, so I had to make my own.
My aunt went on a field trip for the first time when she was my age.
But she didn't know how to make gimbap.
So she made rice balls instead.
That was the first time she ever made these.
Why would a kid have to make her own gimbap?
Because there was no one there to make them for her.
Your aunt...
must've gotten teased by her friends on that field trip.
Apparently, no one ate with her.
But my mom did.
That's why my aunt became a guardian angel for my mom.
Here. Try it.
Why are you laughing?
It's a secret.
Why is it a secret? Then I'm not going to give you this.
I just found out...
who my guardian angel was.
Who was it?
You told Yoo Cheol everything?
I guess he was...
bound to find out sooner or later.
You didn't tell him about the other stuff, did you?
No, I didn't tell him.
Martin already got away.
I just need to get the charges dropped.
Make sure to get Director Ye.
Go back.
I will not become in-laws with a criminal.
This is a gift from Chairman Hwang.
The shares in his borrowed name accounts were transferred to Ri El.
Chairman Hwang...
wants you to become the new director.
If you accept,
he will support you wholeheartedly.
He wants me to become director and cover up all his shortcomings?
That would make it easier for you to do your duties...
once you become a director.
You just have to oust Director Kim.
Ousting him isn't enough.
He will come back.
We must make sure he loses the will to come back.
Will you use his illness?
Hold on.
I know what you're thinking.
But one's misfortune sometimes becomes...
another person's opportunity.
What you need at a time like that is the courage to go with it.
How...
How is that courage?
It's courage. Not anyone can do it.
You can't say that, Dad.
It doesn't make sense.
I'm your daughter.
Do you think I'll be happy?
Everything passes.
When it does, you'll see it was nothing.
Your father looked over his crime,
in return for the rebate.
Okay.
He didn't kill anyone.
Hi.
Does Min Kyu have an illness?
I think your dad and mine...
will use that to do something terrible.
- What? - I called thinking...
you wouldn't know about this.
You don't know about it, do you?
No, I...
I'll call you right back.
(Chairman Hwang Do Won)
(Memorandum of Renunciation)
What style do you want?
Can you straighten this out too?
Of course.
[VIU Ver] E30 I'm Not a Robot "Goodbye, Aji 3"
-= Ruo Xi =-
When asking questions during a tarot card reading,
it's best to be specific, not general.
For example, rather than, "Can I fall in love,"
you say, "Can I fall in love with this person?"
The answer to that question would be...
The Lover.
It's yours.
Would you mind if I join in?
I'm right here. Respect my existence.
Do you want me to buy you a pair of Heart Balls?
I shouldn't have fallen asleep then.
I didn't know this would happen.
The Lover.
I feel lonely.
I feel lonely now. So lonely.
Goodness.
I told you she'd be pretty.
Who is she? Do you know her?
Your hair, your style. Wow.
You know her too?
Hello.
People die if they make a drastic change.
(Vegetable juice)
Drink these and wake up.
The style changed but not the character. Good.
I'm in a bad mood. Shall I dye my hair ash blue?
Do it. It's not bad.
Hoktal, what do you say? Do you want to do it with me?
I'm not the hair dye type.
Up until yesterday, you'd do anything I asked.
Why the sudden change?
Did Sun Hye tell you not to do it?
She shrugged. That's despicable.
- Hoktal. - Yes?
Go back to the time when you were nice to me.
I feel so lonely on days like this.
Why? Is today a special day?
No, it's just...
Fine, don't do anything.
I'll just get angry if you do something.
Don't do anything.
- Hello. - Hi.
- You bought juice. - Yes.
- Gosh, it's good. - Yes.
Something needs fixing.
Okay.
What? Is your scalp itchy?
No, no.
You're made for each other.
Ssanip, I need you to go to Yongsan.
What? Where?
Buy these, and come straight to the outhouse.
Oh, parts, Yongsan? Okay, Doctor.
See you.
- Take your time. - I love you.
- Me too. - Bye.
Pai, by the way,
you look a bit... Strange.
How so?
You don't look like you used to.
The difference is...
Oh, your eyes are bigger.
I'm not wearing glasses.
I see.
Your forehead's wider too.
I parted my bangs.
I see.
You parted your bangs.
Wait, your hair. Wasn't your hair curly?
I got sick of it, so I straightened it.
Does my hair look weird?
No.
It doesn't.
Let's go.
It doesn't look weird.
Even without Ji A next to me,
I keep practicing going out on my own.
Right. I guess she can't be around you all the time.
She's no longer a robot.
Exactly.
I liked that about her when she was a robot.
Aren't you afraid?
I keep telling myself that she's next to me,
and that seems to help a bit.
Your index seems to be okay right now.
As long as you avoid a situation...
where you suddenly face a crowd,
don't you think you can handle everyday life?
Would that ever happen?
Take care. Goodbye.
(Emergency board meeting tomorrow.)
(Dismissal of Director Kim Min Kyu.)
I'm back.
Doctor.
Hoktal.
Brother?
I'm not scared. I'm not scared at all.
Doctor.
Where did everyone go without me?
They're all so mean. How could they?
It's my birthday. If I were in the US, there'd be a party.
No one cares.
- Hello. - What the... What's going on?
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday dear Ssanip
You're all so childish.
A surprise party?
We don't do this on the east coast.
Things like this don't impress me.
I'm impressed.
Thank you.
Did you think we didn't know?
- Blow out the candles. - Blow the candles.
Blow the candles.
Let's all live together.
Brother, this is incredible. Did you make it?
I knew it. I just put together a little feast.
The cake's amazing.
I chose it.
With my help.
I feel like overturning the table.
Here's yours.
Your present.
What could be inside?
What is it?
(Citron bread)
Citron bread?
Brother, what does this mean?
We heard you cry whenever you see this.
I wanted to see you eat it and cry.
Why you...
- You're crying already. - What are you saying?
I see tears.
He's crying, he's crying.
Shall I make him cry even more?
With this gift.
Is that a new one? How many terabytes?
The present is the video on this.
It's a gift from Aji 3 who just finished...
her first outing.
She must be really cold.
What's she wearing? It's so thin.
Don't wander around, and go straight home.
Or you will end up like me.
What does it mean to end up like you?
I have no one to see.
There is no one waiting for me.
No one is interested in me.
You know how to take the bus, right? Get going.
You did a good job.
Thank you.
You're pretty.
Aji 3.
Aji 3, where are you going?
Aji 3, are you okay?
Let's go home.
We wanted Aji 3 to commune with people.
As you saw,
she did much better than we had hoped.
Not just us.
Min Kyu and Ji A, you both did well too.
Why do we make robots?
I think that Aji 3's memories...
will answer that.
It's heartbreaking,
but as promised, I think it's time...
to change Aji 3's face.
We'll leave just the patterns of the emotions she procured,
and delete every video including the private ones...
she took of Min Kyu and Ji A.
Then...
we'll begin on...
our new android robot.
I'm sure that Aji 3...
would want that too.
She'd want us to make her memories more beautiful.
So...
let's all...
say our goodbyes.
You helped us come this far.
The patterns you left...
will continue in the next robot.
That's how...
we'll remember you forever.
Bye, Aji 3.
I'm really sorry for sending you...
to Martin.
I really wanted to say that.
I'll tell the next robot about you.
You...
will not disappear.
I know you liked me more than anyone.
I will remember you,
Aji 3.
- Goodbye, Aji 3. - Goodbye, Aji 3.
Aji 3's last video...
captured Martin confessing to killing Chairman Park.
I think he let his guard down because she was a robot.
Interpol will love this.
They will protect Jang Doo Sam for sure now.
That's good.
We have reporters on standby.
We can go right ahead.
When the board meeting ends,
someone is bound to tell them what just happened.
We can't get blood on our hands.
(Emergency Board Meeting)
We shall begin the emergency board meeting.
The agenda is the dismissal of Director Kim Min Kyu.
The cause is as you were all informed. An illness.
He's here.
(KM Financial Director Kim Min Kyu Press Conference)
I'm KM Financial's director...
Kim Min Kyu.
I also...
suffer from...
a human allergy.
(I'm Not a Robot)
His allergy isn't completely cured yet?
Is he allowed to go outside without you?
It's not over yet. We still have a chance.
Why is he always so harsh on me?
We used to be friends. How could he treat me this way?
Don't you need me there to fight?
No, it's okay.
Wherever I may be, I know that you'll always be by my side.
I think it's going to be okay this time.